README.md, before:

# Char Cloud

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/char-cloud)](https://crates.io/crates/char-cloud)
[![Release Build](https://github.com/Acture/char-cloud/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Acture/char-cloud/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/char-cloud)](LICENSE)

Char Cloud 是一个用 Rust 编写的命令行工具，可以生成自定义形状的文字云图片。它允许您使用文本作为轮廓，并用指定的词语填充形状，生成 SVG 格式的输出文件。

## 特性

- 支持自定义形状文本
- 自动适应字体大小
- 自定义输出图像大小
- 支持自定义字体
- 多种颜色支持
- SVG 格式输出
- 内置中文字体支持

## 安装
```bash
cargo install char-cloud
```


## 使用方法

基本用法：
```bash
char-cloud --text "目标文本" --words "词1,词2,词3" --output output.svg
```

## 许可
本项目采用 Affero GPL v3 许可协议。请在使用前仔细阅读 [LICENSE](LICENSE) 文件。

Commit message:

docs(readme): update README with English translation and improved formatting
- Replace Chinese content with English internationalization.
- Revise sections for better clarity and structure.
- Add a usage example and reference to `--help` for additional options.

README.md, after:

# Char Cloud

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/char-cloud)](https://crates.io/crates/char-cloud)
[![Release Build](https://github.com/Acture/char-cloud/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Acture/char-cloud/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/char-cloud)](LICENSE)

Char Cloud is a command-line tool written in Rust that generates word-cloud images in custom shapes. It lets you use a piece of text as the outline and fill that shape with the words you provide, producing an SVG file as output.

## Features

- Custom shape defined by text
- Automatic font-size fitting
- Configurable output image size
- Custom font support
- Multiple color support
- SVG output
- Built-in Chinese fonts

## Installation
```bash
cargo install char-cloud
```

## Usage

Basic example:
```bash
char-cloud --text "Target Text" --words "word1,word2,word3" --output output.svg
```

For more options, run:
```bash
char-cloud --help
```

## License
This project is licensed under the Affero GPL v3. Please read the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file before use.
